Add `Completionists` article (#9972)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Completionists/en.md

![osu!](img/osu.png "osu! completionist badge") ![osu!taiko](img/taiko.png "osu!taiko completionist badge") ![osu!catch](img/catch.png "osu!catch completionist badge") ![osu!mania](img/mania.png "osu!mania completionist badge")

## Completion criteria

In order to be considered a completionist, a player must play every existing Ranked beatmap of a given game mode with no [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction). This does not include converted beatmaps for [osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko), [osu!catch](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!catch), and [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania). For osu!mania, only 4K and 7K beatmaps are considered for completion.

## Confirmed completionists

| Player | Game mode | Date of completion | Total played difficulties |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| ::{ flag=US }:: [xasuma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3172980) | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/osu.png) | 2019-04-27 | 60,845 |
| ::{ flag=AU }:: [Jaye](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4841352) | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) | 2019-11-03 | 8,841 |
| ::{ flag=PL }:: [PookieBear](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7635621) | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/osu.png) | 2021-08-11 | 82,298 |

> | ::{ flag=US }:: [EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2927048) | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/osu.png) | 2023-3-15 | 97,668 |

Reviewer: missing leasing zero

```suggestion
| ::{ flag=US }:: [EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2927048) | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/osu.png) | 2023-03-15 | 97,668 |
```

> | ::{ flag=MY }:: [\[Zeth\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9912966) | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/osu.png) | 2023-08-14 | 22,170 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ::{ flag=MY }:: [\[Zeth\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9912966) | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) | 2023-08-14 | 22,170 |
```
wrong mode

Reviewer 2: also i believe missing some people?

AutoLs (catch, all fcs)
Araxcrow (mania, completion)

may need verifying

Author: i've intentionally only included people that have been properly verified now, others can be added later if they somehow manage to get verified

# Completionists

> Completionists are players who take on the extremely daunting task of playing **every [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked) [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap)** of a given game mode. With the amount of Ranked beatmaps increasing every day, this feat is becoming progressively more difficult to achieve, requiring insane amounts of dedication and perseverance.

Reviewer 3: you'd want to minimise this kind of fluff in the wiki

```suggestion
**Completionists** are players who have completed every [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked) [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) of a given [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode). Because the amount of Ranked beatmaps increases every day, this feat becomes progressively more difficult to achieve.
```

> As of August 2023, this achievement is recognised through a special [profile badge](/wiki/Community/Profile_badge)

Reviewer 3: what would be a "normal" profile badge?

```suggestion
As of August 2023, this achievement is recognised through a [profile badge](/wiki/Community/Profile_badge)
```

![osu!](img/osu.png "osu! completionist badge") ![osu!taiko](img/taiko.png "osu!taiko completionist badge") ![osu!catch](img/catch.png "osu!catch completionist badge") ![osu!mania](img/mania.png "osu!mania completionist badge")

## Completion criteria

> In order to be considered a completionist, a player must play every existing Ranked beatmap of a given game mode with no [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction), this does not include converted beatmaps for [osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko), [osu!catch](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!catch), and [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania). For osu!mania, only 4K and 7K beatmaps are considered for completion.

Reviewer 3: comma splice

```suggestion
In order to be considered a completionist, a player must play every existing Ranked beatmap of a given game mode with no [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction). This does not include converted beatmaps for [osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko), [osu!catch](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!catch), and [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania). For osu!mania, only 4K and 7K beatmaps are considered for completion.
```

## Confirmed completionists

> | Player | Game mode | Date of completion | Total played beatmaps |

Reviewer 3: just want to confirm that you mean "beatmap" and not "difficulty"

Author: difficulty, i'll clarify that

| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | ::{ flag=US }:: [xasuma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3172980) | ![][osu!] | 2019-04-27 | 60845 |
> | ::{ flag=AU }:: [Jaye](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4841352) | ![][osu!taiko] | 2019-11-03 | 8841 |
> | ::{ flag=PL }:: [PookieBear](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7635621) | ![][osu!] | 2021-08-11 | 82298 |
> | ::{ flag=US }:: [EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2927048) | ![][osu!] | 2023-3-15 | 97668 |
> | ::{ flag=MY }:: [\[Zeth\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9912966) | ![][osu!taiko] | 2023-08-14 | 22170 |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| ::{ flag=US }:: [xasuma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3172980) | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/osu.png) | 2019-04-27 | 60,845 |
| ::{ flag=AU }:: [Jaye](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4841352) | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) | 2019-11-03 | 8,841 |
| ::{ flag=PL }:: [PookieBear](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7635621) | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/osu.png) | 2021-08-11 | 82,298 |
| ::{ flag=US }:: [EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2927048) | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/osu.png) | 2023-3-15 | 97,668 |
| ::{ flag=MY }:: [\[Zeth\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9912966) | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/osu.png) | 2023-08-14 | 22,170 |
```

## Trivia

- ::{ flag=US }:: [xasuma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3172980) was awarded the [user title](/wiki/Community/User_title) "*The First Completionist*" for being the first player to ever achieve this feat.
- ::{ flag=AU }:: [Jaye](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4841352) was awarded the user title "*Drum Decimator*" for scoring full combos on every Ranked osu!taiko beatmap, alongside being the first osu!taiko completionist.

> - Prior to August 2023, players used to earn an "*osu!completionist*" user title, which was discontinued in favor of profile badges.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Prior to August 2023, players used to earn an "*osu!completionist*" user title, which was discontinued in favour of profile badges.
```

> 
> [osu!]: /wiki/shared/mode/osu.png "osu!"
> [osu!taiko]: /wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png "osu!taiko"

Reviewer 3: direct links are preferred nowadays iirc

```suggestion
```
